So now that we're able to listen to changes in the attributes, we of course can also adjust the content
we display in our TooltipText.
This is something we were not able to do before,
well now we can.
Now let's keep in mind that showTooltip is responsible for showing some text here
and we do actually show the TooltipText. The TooltipText on the other hand is a property which we set
in a connectedCallback,
so now all we have to do is we have to update the TooltipText here when our attribute changes.
So I will first of all check if the old value is equal to the new value because that means it kind
of triggered but maybe you entered a new value but it is exactly equal to the old value
and in this case, I'll just return, I'll not execute any other code because I don't want to waste any
performance here,
I don't want to run any other code, that would be redundant here because if the new value is equal to the old
value,
there is nothing that could have changed. If this is not equal,
we'll make it into the next step because now something changed and we want to update this
and then here I'll check if the name of the attribute is equal to text and we simply have to add our
own logic here,
we have to be aware of which attributes could be changing and which matter for us and what do we want
to do when they change.
So here I know if the text attribute changed and yes, we are only listening to changes in the text attribute
here but we could have more attributes we're listening to,
so it's a good practice to check this
and if we know ok the text attribute changed, then I know I want to set my TooltipText here equal
to the new value and of course the logic you add here depends on what your attribute does and what a change
that means for you.
You could also be required to add a new element to the shadow DOM here,
here I just need to change my TooltipText because with that changed, if I reload this a second time,
here I see my default text of course and now I can add this is the adjusted text here and if I hit enter
and I hover over this question mark again, we see the adjusted text here too
because in our web component, we simply adjust our TooltipText here when this text attribute changes.